General Director
The Director General is
How's your illness?
This replenishes the body.
It's done.
Thank you General Director
What about the document I asked you to translate?
That's what I tried.
I've translated it.
Small people succeed.
Wait until I find a computer repair master.
Be sure to get the evidence to hit you in the face.
But your computer hasn't been repaired.
No, I've looked for a lot of teachers.
Can't fix it.
We can only continue to find good technical teachers.
This is me staying up late working overtime to kick out.
See if there are any other changes.
Details on this translation
Isn t it only your English books that have this habit?
This project is translated by you.
Okay, you go down first.
Master Fengtai, how do I remember that Secretary Ninh is in charge of this project?
I heard that Secretary Ninh's computer is broken.
A lot of data backup machines don't.
We can only move the project forward.
Let Bruce come to my office for a ride.
Let Secretary Ninh bring the computer here.